updating create app links (#150)
Basis-Theory/basistheory-integration-guides: collections/guides/use/collect-cards-with-proxies.md

    - `reactor:create`
    - `proxy:create`

> [You can use this link to pre-fill the Create Application form in our Portal.](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=931b306f-6be7-405d-9a8d-1442a99dd2d7)

Reviewer: Lets try to update this one to link with the exact list of management permissions

    - `token:pci:create`
    - `token:pci:use:reactor`

> [Click here to have pre-fill a new Create Application](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=6a67691b-14c2-41f9-96f6-bf3bfbe6fa31) or you can use the following API call with your Management API Key from Step 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Click here to create a new Application](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=6a67691b-14c2-41f9-96f6-bf3bfbe6fa31) or you can make the following request with your Management API Key from Step 1:
```

- Permissions
    - `token:pci:use:proxy`

> [Click here to have pre-fill a new Create Application](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/application_template_id=31efed55-035c-4b49-b1a1-609a728d91ce) or you can use the following API call with your Management API Key from Step 1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Click here to create a new Application](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/application_template_id=31efed55-035c-4b49-b1a1-609a728d91ce) or you can make the following request with your Management API Key from Step 1:
```
